# Meeting_Manager_App
The Meeting Manager App is based on the Flutter development framework powered by Firebaseand Google Cloud Platform(GCP) at its backend. The App manages all the meetings of the user for them effectively and efficiently from all platforms and for all platforms so that people don't have to take a pen or a pencil and scribble on the calendar or manually add it to the calendar in their phone. With the increasing pace of the real world it is much harder to keep up with the digital world of receiving and sending virtual meetings so the Meeting Manager App will help in overcoming that barrier between the two. The MxM App aims at better management of different types of meetings online or offline effectively by making an entirely different calendar/timeline. The MxM App primarily focuses on organizing messages from different platforms into one place making a simplified calendar-view for the user, various meeting platforms like Zoom asks for authentication like a meeting password before letting the participants in the meeting, this app does all that heavy lifting on the behalf of the Participant or Host making it easier for them to join the meeting saving them the trouble to search through hundreds of mail or messages to find the credentials to join the meeting.

# Future Work
Most of the features of the app are still unfinished or are a work in progress like the join feature, managing meeting clashes, Microsoft and Apple Sign In, Side Drawers, App settings, Key Animations and many others. Some internal key components like processing of data and privacy matters are also work in progress. Moreover our team can still improve on the already completed features by a significant margin. Next steps in the development would involve handling meeting clashes, processing mails, improving upon the animations, making of settings,side drawers and user profile. We are aiming to complete all these before fall 2021.
